so let's start with the first fish that
I got I got a pleco costume asst most
people just call them plecos because
Puckett cost miss is just a really big
name so you people mostly get these fish
because they're told they're really good
algae eaters and it's true they are I've
noticed a really good you know decrease
in algae in my tank in fact one of my
plants that are growing in the corner of
my tank right behind me all the leaves
are almost clear of all the algae that
was grown on growing on it before I'm
sure you guys have seen it it had lots
of hair algae on it brown and green
algae it looked terrible and now it the
leaves almost look you know all clear I
can almost see the entire plant and
that's excellent so plank wood cosmos
really work when you know you're trying
to take care of algae problems in your
fish tank but you know let's talk about
people that don't use fish to take care
of problems in their tank some people
will just go straight for the chemicals
and I'm kind of not you know for
chemicals I know that there's some out
there that really do work and they do
help out fish tanks but I rather do
things yell natural way you know because
most of the time or I mean as you guys
know in the wow how these fish still
have to you know go through stuff like
this if algae is growing in the lake or
pond that they're living in there's
nobody there putting chemicals in there
to take care of that algae there's
usually a fish that naturally occurs in
the area that will eat the algae that's
why you know they call them algae eaters
and that's why they exist because that's
what their purpose is in this world so
what I really wanted to recommend to you
guys in this video is that you always
use something natural first don't go
straight for the chemicals because
sometimes they may work and sometimes
they don't but mostly they don't work
like for example water clarifiers really
don't work all the time people you know
will recommend them to you at the store
but they don't trust me I've used them
many times before in the past to test
them out and they just do not work you
should really make sure that everything
is going okay in your tank before you go
straight work for you know the chemicals
because if your water is cloudy for
example you might want to try to test
your water and see what's going on in
your water your nitrates may be high or
your aquarium may still be going through
the nitrates likely if you just set it
up so there's different things that you
can do and test before you go straight
for
you know a chemical product really not
for chemicals because you know they're
kind of harsh on your fish because fish
in the wild don't normally have to deal
with this kind of stuff in a fish tank
we're trying to replicate a natural
environment so to you know accomplish
that we really don't want to use
chemicals because that's not really what
fish have to you know be around in the
wild there are some chemicals like water
conditioners that we have to use every
time we do water changes there are
different types of methods you can use
to do it without a water conditioner but
they usually are very expensive and very
difficult so chemicals like that we
obviously have no choice but what I'm
really you know focusing on is chemicals
that are extra things that you you know
you could buy to take care of a problem
when you could actually do something
else so always try simply natural furs
it could really be beneficial to your
tank so now let's talk about the two
blue powder grammys that i got there
really really cool fish and they don't
even get that big that's why they're
called dwarf grammys the art Grammys out
there that get really really big and
unfortunately I can get those because i
only have a 50 gallon and if i did put
one in here i'm sure i'd get a lot of
crap and people on youtube as most of
you guys have seen whenever you watch
videos of aquariums and you see all
these these fish and in this small tank
you'll see a bunch of comments from
people that are just so pissed off and
you know trying to tell this guy or
whoever it is that they need a bigger
tank and it's just hilarious um but of
course I would never do that because I
know that I can't have a giant Grammy in
you know a 50-gallon tank but there are
different types of Grammys out there and
they're really good fish and they they
really do well in fish tanks and I would
recommend them to anybody that's looking
for a colorful fish and a peaceful fish
as well because they don't really
they're kind of part of the community
aquarium you know they're kind of
skittish a little bit but when you have
other fish around them like angel fish
that are just you know jumpy and all
over the place and always excited and
never scared of anything it kind of
promotes them to come out of their
hiding place and interact with everybody
in the fish tank and also come to the
top of the fish tank whenever you're
feeding your fish so they're really
really cool fish I'm glad I got them so
I'm really glad that I was able to
take care of the algae problem in my
tank and I think looks really good now
the plants are starting to look a lot
better you know before the hair algae
was just growing really really rapidly
and it just looked really really bad so
the pleco is doing his job really well
and I'm also glad I found those two blue
powder Grammys they really add some
color to the tank and I like looking at
them because the blue is just so vibrant
and you know really really bright I just
I love them so thanks for watching this
episode of Jacob's aquarium I really
appreciate it I will see you guys next
time